>> Jen Kramer: We've done a really bad job
of picking colors, I hate to tell you.
Okay, and I know some of you graphic
designers out there are really
bothered by the color violence
we've committed today.
So let's talk about a little bit more
about color and where to get good colors.
So this is a website,
it's called color.adobe.com,
okay, where people smarter than you have
picked nice color palettes, all right?
And if you go to color.adobe.com and
you click on the link on
the top here called Explore,
>> Jen Kramer: People smarter than you and
more talented than you have come up
with some beautiful color palettes.
That they have shared right here on this
website that you can take advantage of and
use, isn't that a wonderful thing?
So you can come here, and
you can look at all of these.
And you will never run out of colors,
[LAUGH] they have
a ridiculous quantity of color
palettes here for you to choose from.
Right now,
I'm looking at the most popular ones.
Notice that we can look at most
used ones or random ones or
what's popular this month or all time,
all kinds of different things.
And they give you a few colors here to
work with, they've been voted on and
commented on, and
these are great things to use.
If you click on these,
roll your mouse over them, for example,
you'll see this Info
button that comes up here.
This will show you the colors
in a larger format.
So then the next problem is, and
you can click on them again, and
they get even bigger.
The next problem is how do we determine
exactly what those color values are?
Cuz it's super pretty and we'd like to
use them, but what are the color values?
So one of the things that you can do for
your browser is install this wonderful
extension called ColorZilla,
and that is at colorzilla.com.
Click on ColorZilla for Firefox and
Chrome, go ahead and click on that.
And then once you get in here, look for
the button to install ColorZilla 3.
Go ahead and click that and
install that on your browser.
And if you have both Firefox and
Chrome on your computer,
you may want to install it in both places,
it's a pretty useful kind of thing.
So once you have ColorZilla installed,
when you go ahead and
click on the little eyedropper that's
gonna show up there on the corner,
it'll tell you that the page
color picker is active.
And then you can now roll your mouse
over one of those lovely colors, okay?
So let's say I want this one right here,
notice that just rolling my mouse over it,
it'll tell me that hexadecimal code.
If we click on it, it's gonna go ahead and
copy that color to my clipboard,
all right?
And so now when I come back to my CSS,
I can just paste in that
lovely red that I had there from before,
very, very nice.
And we can actually start to make
a color palette that actually works.
>> Jen Kramer: And those color themes are
here for you, they're here to help you.
If you are a talented graphic designer and
you can create your own color palette,
please feel free to do so.
You can go ahead and get these hex codes
right out of Photoshop or Illustrator.
Or lots and
lots of other image processing packages
that are available out there online.
But having it right here in
the browser is a super-helpful tool.